Chapter 1: Core Synchronization Concepts
The Master Clock is the heart of our system
It coordinates all media elements with precision
Each manager subscribes to clock events
Drift correction happens every 200 milliseconds
Maintaining synchronization within 50ms tolerance
Video frames are tracked using requestVideoFrameCallback
Audio pitch is preserved using WebAudio API
Subtitles update based on the global timeline
HTML content switches at precise moments
The system supports multiple playback rates
From half speed to double speed
All while maintaining perfect synchronization
This enables effective educational content delivery
Thank you for watching this demonstration